[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
action film the colony
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the near future due to the severe
global warming caused by the excessive
consumption of petroleum
humans build giant weather machines to
cool the earth
but one day the machines break down in
an accident
resulting in a new ice age and humans
are forced to live underground in
colonies
due to a lack of nutrition and medicine
for a long time
even a cold or flu can cause massive
death so in colony seven
if anyone gets ill and doesn't get well
after a one week quarantine
he's only allowed to choose either to be
executed or
banished from the base to survive
outside on his own
however the bully guy thinks it's wrong
to let the infected go
because it's impossible to survive on
their own and when they eventually come
back
they will pose a threat to the rest so
in most cases
he executes those who choose to leave
which is unsanctioned
sam a mechanic disagrees with the bully
guy's extreme practice
one day he reports the bully guy to the
leader of colony seven
who rushes to the liaison office because
he has something urgent to deal with
a distressed signal from colony five a
close ally
just came in but after that there's no
more response from there
the leader is confused and worried
because it has never happened before
there are almost 50 inhabitants living
in colony five
and they both have contact with each
other regularly the leader decides to go
there to investigate
he then convenes a meeting to explain
the situation to the colonists
and asks volunteers to go with him given
the climate outside
it's like a suicidal mission so no one
volunteers to go
except sam and a young man who has never
been on the ground
meanwhile the leader appoints sam's
girlfriend as the temporary leader of
the base
which the bully guy is dissatisfied with
suddenly
a woman can't help coughing so the
meeting is called off immediately
everyone is rushing off out of the room
then the woman and her husband are put
in quarantine
before leaving the leader privately
tells off the bully guy
and warns him to leave the couple alone
the next day
the three of them set out on their
journey outside
it's a snowy waste hung over by a
deathly silence
they trek forward following the map on a
bridge
they discover a family of three who have
shot themselves inside a car
later they spend the night inside an
emergency helicopter
setting out again as soon as it is dawn
they reach colony five later that day
inside the hideout they are threatened
to see the bloody floor
in some pools of blood and the leader
instantly gives the young man a gun for
safety reason
suddenly they hear some strange noises
and see a damaged iron gate with some
deep scratches
which really scares the [ __ ] out of the
young man who doesn't have the
experience of being on the ground
sam opens the door gently and they
discover a weak man who seems to faint
from hunger in the room
the weak man gets woken up and is
extremely scared for no reason
they try to calm him down and finally do
it after he knows who they are
after taking some food and water he
shows a video and tells them what
happened here
the man in the video claims in their
place the weather machines have been
fixed
so the freezing process starts to be
reversed
the sun is back and the frozen soils
melt but they haven't got seeds to plant
because of that they want to send this
video to the nearby colonies for help
after repairing the aerial colony five
received the video
and did send out a squad to find the
place but they got nothing
rather luring the brutal cannibals who
wiped out the whole colony
and turned it into hell right then
hearing the weird noises once again
they decide to leave here as soon as
possible
they want to take the guy together but
he is very afraid to go out
and locks himself inside after pushing
them out
without any choice they leave him behind
and move around quietly
when they get somewhere in the pipeline
they find the origin of the noises may
not be far away
so they get there to take a look then
they are shocked to see a cannibal
dismembering a victim
the cannibal soon notices they are there
and wants to attack them
sam shoots it but the gunshot draws more
cannibals
they run away but unfortunately the
young man is killed by the cannibals on
the way
sam almost runs out of ammunition and
those cannibals run after them tightly
eventually they both manage to flee out
with the only metal ladder
explode the exit after getting on the
ground and finally get rid of the
chasing cannibals
on their way back because of the abrupt
temperature drop
they get inside the helicopter again to
shelter from the snowstorm
sam is sad about what happened he can't
accept the fact those humans turn into
flesh eaters and hunt the same kind
the leader says he still remembers the
same horror which he has undergone
before
some eight other humans due to hunger
which was cruel and tragic to humanity
the next morning they set out and
discover the cannibals are right behind
them
in order to protect their own colony
they decide to blow up the bridge
to stop the cannibals from moving
forward but the strong wind blows
out the fuse seeing the cannibal
swarming right behind
the leader decides to sacrifice himself
so he knocks down sam and runs back
alone to set fire to the fuse
as a result the explosion does cause the
bridge to collapse
but killing the leader at the same time
sam gets back home alone
right there bully guy guns down someone
who gets ill
while sam's girlfriend aims her gun at
him trying to stop it
when she sees sam she runs to him
unaware of the bully guy following her
right behind
she's then knocked unconscious waking up
sam tells the colonists what happened to
a small
team and suggests all people should
leave here immediately
to look for the ice free area otherwise
they will all die
when the cannibals locate them soon the
bully guy
who has taken over the colony doesn't
believe what he says
and cuffing him a naughty boy steals the
keys to help sam escape
then sam frees his girlfriend they
managed to obtain the location of the
ice free area by the satellite
which is over eight miles in diameter so
they pack some seeds and plan to leave
but the bully guy intercepts them right
then they hear the bumping
and find out the cannibals are out there
trying to break into the base
the bully guy now realizes what sam said
is true
soon those cannibals get inside through
the ventilation system
the colonists defend their home together
but are no match for the flesh eaters
most of them get killed in minutes the
bully guy then takes cover in the
basement where women and children hide
but he locks sam and his girlfriend out
those women inside beat the bully guy to
let them in
after killing a cannibal right behind
they are all safe in the room
considering that the door can't stand
any longer sam suggests they get out
through the ventilation system
and leave for the ice-free area but the
bully guy says they will freeze to death
halfway
and believe staying to fight is the only
choice now
despite that the rest choose to leave
and sam gives his last gun to the bully
guy before leaving
the bully guy is injured and understands
he can't survive
either way so he chooses to die with the
cannibals and shoots the gas tank to
blow everything up
except the cannibal leader who gets
inside the vent right before the
explosion
sam stays behind a fight against the
cannibal leader alone
the leader is like a mutant who is
stronger and not easy to take out
but sam wants to survive so he tries to
get anything he can to fight with
finally he terminates the cannibal
leader at last
sam meets his friends on the ground and
shows them the tin of seeds
he tells them he has got the location of
the ice free area
seeing the colony burning behind they
get no choice
but to head into the snow white
wilderness in the hope of looking for a
warm place
to restore their last humanity and
hormone
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out